


biggest thing right now: 
fix reload --done i think

other important:
option to ignore party# for <6 sort

enabling people to track their own abilities/custom setups
make a variable like d12 or d13 and set it for non-cleu so that people can initialize a spellname or spellid and have it not get ignored or however that works. should be able to use spellnames or spellids and not worry about it

show more heals on middle castbars maybe? or maybe have a separate location for that that jumps out less but is still showing?

clean up the rest of the globals that might have been missed. Make function that compares _G before and after loading the addon and then check after most stuff gets deleted for what's missing
display for purgable buffs for people that have purge
pet frames
way to use mouse buttons like button4/button5 on unitframes like normal keybinds is necessary for using mouseover binds
make party interrupt display for m+
tank defensive cds
interrupt duration modifiers from buffs that reduce them, are there passives like a talent that reduces by 10%? --concentration aura
skip yellow text on target counts
improve cleuINC to be the same way as how bossauras get decided, maybe that could make it good in pve and not need as much specific tracking in pvp?
option to show fewer abilities. Playing with the addon for the first bit might be overwhelming, and some people might prefer to just keep the option for showing less enabled permanently
always track sheep dr for pandarens?
option to show friendly cc casts in the middle somewhere?, maybe smaller/green and to the left of middlecastbars
mind control never got fixed like i thought it might have. When that breaks it's a pretty big bug

maybe put precog in text on a middle cast bar if they have it?
could make a unit_aura function that puts a max timer on the aura and will get rid of it regardless of removed event for (new?) disintegrate bug. not ideal but easy fix
saw ua show 2 cast bars from the same warlock for some reason. That might get fixed after reworking the way unit events work for the addon?
update my private data collection addon to keep track of things in m+/raid, separately from the pvp info

blizzard heal/damage text in middle of screen is awful by default, and should have an option to prevent it from spamming on top of raid frames


less important:
audio warnings for things or some way of knowing when offensive cds get pressed at least without needing to rely on another addon
efficient target indicator for bgs
nameplates, especially important for melee
drs/cc break cds like pvp trinket on nameplates for bgs
maybe mostly show important external cds from healers? instead of defensives, not sure what would be better to see as a dps
option for enemy healer on position 1 and some kind of easy macro solution to replace @arena1/@arenax, this would make a pretty big impact when there are multiple of one class and be good in general
use talent info from inspecting to change friendly cds, i made this before in prototype cd addon and not that hard especially since the addon already inspects people, but will be a lot of work collecting all the relevant talent data and not sure how much effort it'll take to integrate this with existing setup/leaving arena frames the way they are
aura missing function for motw/fort
loss of control auras in pve although now i don't think there's a good way to tell what these are without tracking each one manually. at least make something to show cc on player, actually use that to tell which spellids are cc? and add manually to the addon after seen so that it will show right before it goes on player. there's a way to tell player is cced by random pve buff isn't there? LOSS_OF_CONTROL_UPDATE?, --LOSS_OF_CONTROL_ADDED?
option to disable all in pve or whatever
track healer dispel cds
if alt f4ing player can log in and no group units will exist until after combat so have to do something to position buttons preemptively. for now you can reload after logging in and the game will give the correct numbers. eventually should make system for buttons always being in correct positions for different group sizes and then the preemptive thing would work itself out but that's (a lot?) more involved
option to just have normal frames instead of click-through to move, option to disable targeting when frame is clicked and only move camera/player, rely on mouseover for spells and never target, more for pvers, option to enable/disable this depending on instancetype or groupsize?
improve/figure out scale. whole system needs to be made for size stuff and idk what i'm doing with other people's screen sizes
initialize(198034) --Divine Hammer, todo 1 Holy Power per sec, use same system as blessingofautumn for this?
better display for forbearance. right now you can only see if forbearance is preventing an affected ability like lay on hands from being used on the paladin, not if it can't be used on teammate. Technically people will be able to add forbearance as a dot or something if they want but that's not ideal. maybe that's a better temporary solution for the main addon though too. idk
do something to make light of the martyr better for holy paladins? the red text display is probably not great for that
update 4/5 pvp trinket hiding after inspecting talent/gear system is made
should have an option to only show timer text on specific icons below a set amount like 4 sec, would be nice for keeping up buffs/debuffs like rejuv or other things

even less important:
summon/rez/phase indicators
tooltip on mouseover frame?
option to hide cooldowns from player
figure out why arena spec icons break and don't show up sometimes
Restitution
Seasoned Winds
unit_in_range onevents now that it's registered to each unitframe anyway
make more unit events instead of registering them for all units? --maybe just commit even harder to the old/current system and check UnitGUID in each unit event so that there can never possibly be any gaps and there's no need to worry as much about order of things related to updating unitFrames? Idk what the better approach is, but not in the middle. Kind of bored todo until it's not
not 100% sure how the game expects things to be handled if like a maxhealth event happens for a unit and rosterupdate happens at the same time. like what order does that happen in? because roster update is limited to one per gettime and i thought it happened toward the end of events for the gettime
go through stuff and make everything make sense with unittype update functions being delayed by onupdate(except for the first button positions on login to avoid combat)
might be good to remove the delay if unittype update event is triggered from a unitaura fullupdate guid not matching? idk. need to figure out the best system for keeping track of correct .unit on a unitframe without leaving anything open to gaps. unit_aura could be a good way but need to look at order of events stuff again with this in mind

dr system should be remade to be less awful to work with and made more similar to other icons, probably not given their own dedicated spots for an entire arena but not sure, would be nice to just use with multiinitialize too and be less confusing for people. probably combine everything into one function and maybe get rid of all hasuitFramesCenterSetEventType. make special simpler function for pve updating stuff over time
could improve drs to be more accurate too and not give incorrect border color sometimes if cc hits right on the edge of dr timer like at 18.6 sec, drs are rng for a small window there (i think) and current system doesn't consider that. should also test how that works in tww, might not even be rng anymore who knows
whole loading sequence should be looked at. initialize should just put stuff into unloaded table? then run all loadon checks/class specific checks and decide whether to load or even just remove completely during playerlogin, also decide whether options[1] function should care about ignoring player or not based on player's class. can save a little bit of performance skipping the is or is not player checks for spells that player can't cast anyway

get rid of the gap that can happen if arena1/3 are targeting something but not arena2, maybe do something to make lines more distinct if a class is targeting their same class

make color check function more specific and not based on 5 different events like unit_flags assuming anything can indicate d/c or reconnect? although that might just be the best way to do it

Recompense sac damage on next judgement, has points, not sure how/where to show it exactly but can be big

clean up some naming like frame should become unitframe, everything gets a clear and unique name, so no self

add an option to use uiparent scale?

fix occasional green background showing through low opacity frames, probably because of big range event or something like that that doesn't have a check for the background color

improve overridesSame to be able to override based on more than just its own priority? don't want a dispellable stun to override an unbreakable stun but also want to sort the newer stun ahead of older stun, or that should probably be based on duration if it isn't already

clean up cooldowns.lua

get rid of some redundant hasuitInstanceType=="arena" checks with new hasuitDoThis_GroupUnitFramesUpdate system?

split up the big grow function

clean up some more naming to make things that are global obvious? or actually that's kind of pointless and the thing that will matter is the explanations/examples from guides

something to indicate unit in vehicle

arena frames might not hide after arena is over sometimes?

red leftover icon for lifeblooms that got stolen? since that still counts toward the limit of 2

probably move stuff like spell reflect into same area as cc abilities for arena units

should change priorities everywhere to not go into the negative to make things just a little less confusing

premonition of insight, disc priest -9sec cd from next 3 casts
also todo symbol of hope aoe -30 sec cd of a "major defensive ability".. if ever doing anything about this need to make sure it's 30 sec in pvp, for every ability? surely some aren't randomly 20 sec in pvp instead of 30
blessing of the bronze for movement cds

wing buffet cd for dracthyr, tail swipe for evoker?
track lightning lasso cd
track cauterizing flame? especially for feral/similar

--todo show aura mastery from obsidian scales if taken? along with all other aura mastery effects if player cares about them

track 368415 Time of Need as an 8 second defensive buff from spell_summon? has 60 sec cd
should track rewind as a cd for pres?


next xpac should probably try to combine class specific hot/dot spells with the same spells that show from other players somehow to lower the amount of spells that need to be changed in different places

warning about gear needing to be repaired? I'll never forget the time the armor guy never showed up and my gear was just broken in a shuffle randomly
change icon of freezing trap cd to immune version if the hunter is playing that?

different levels of uninterruptible cast? just cast immunity vs all immunity? probably not good that way, but the grey could be based on player actually having something to stop the cast with like typhoon, and then the grey should be based on whether the target can be knocked back or not, not whether the cast is interruptible according to the game. But that's too much work probably

communicating cooldowns with group members possibly, especially on new content where my cds will be more inaccurate. for now it'll be best to just focus on trying to get everything to show right in the first place

When customization gets added, have a way for a raid/party leader in pve to automatically share/enforce something custom they make with everyone in the group/save that to savedvariables for people in group to be able to reload it, (and delete after leaving group? don't want custom things to be created from savedvariables outside of that context)


do something to re-map new aura instance ids from a full aura update to existing aura icons instead of replacing them with new icons completely?
could use new custom unitframe functions system to decide whether to do several things or not, like adding cooldowns or updating auras? many possible things here maybe
new system that gets rid of the need for scriptProfile, have a good idea of what that's going to be now
on new unit events system, change functions while main loadon is waiting to be run to all go right after that main loadon function and then change them back to being instant? could maybe do something like that during unit type updates too and just keep the delay without needing to worry about anything. If set up a certain way it would be really cheap to add the delay to all events at once and then change them back

cooldowns that get hidden from changing specs while they're active can keep cooldown text shown while the icon itself gets set alpha 0. something like typhoon used while resto then switch to guardian

nether ward goes back to grey each new round, maybe others/same thing for some hidden maybe? anything likely to get changed between rounds like nether ward/spell bop etc
hunter feign death literally disappears if they sat longer than 31 sec before canceling feign. i have no idea where it goes. shows back up when used again













older notes:

learning mode that will record games and be able to play them back later with mouseover tooltip info --maybe big project but could be cool and useful

world pvp fake party/arena frames


kicking penance doesn't make it show kicked, like that for all channels?


figure out if there's stuff that can be based on some kind of server tick? I saw a rogue and druid stealth at a full second apart but they got unseen at the exact same time. seemed like they were visible up until the unseen event 
too, running around in stealth across the map even though their nameplates had disappeared. possible to predict dr timers better from something like this? is pinging them in stealth useful at all?

different border color on nameplates if they're in clone range?

maybe have dedicated info frames for people/the arena somewhere out of the way that shows specs and health numbers and stuff? maybe out of combat or while gates are up


targetexact name for buttons instead of unit? with some kind of exception for multiple of one name existing. might make it so when people leave there's no need to re-sort even though the units go crazy? and might make world pvp frames permanent even 
if the unit disappears, and estimate health based on combat log. could be especially good for bg frames if those get made

different look for soft target nameplates?

spell_cast_failed used to detect whether barkskin didn't work because of a disorient? maybe too much like addon is playing the game

ability for an icon to take up space and position as if it had a different size than it actually does, could be nice for things like a cast turning into an INC?

track strongest instant cast available from healers/next available to know if worth leaving a gap in cc?

make cds smaller the fewer charges they have?

always show minimum 1 dot debuff on a target if there are any? even if weak

alt-ctrl-shift-right click to put a green 2nd border around arena frame or something and hide buff missing, like the red icon idea for debuff missing topleft of frame, if strat is to not dot that target or something after aura missing system gets made? could be actually useful for shuffle/nocomms games if that makes it that way for other people using the addon although would probably never get used by more than 1% or fewer of players
the better idea with alt-ctrl-shift-right clicking a frame is to give a frame/frames higher priority so for example you know it's you and 2 other dps going to mines at the start of ab, make both of those frames higher priority so it shows you, important dps1, important dps2 all together at the top and way more easy for people to target them with binds if they only have target 1-3 bound instead of full target raid1-10 or raid1-20
this was really good in av classic when i had that set up in vuhdo, me claudio and gum first 3 raidframes and then the 37 others like normal, this will 100% get added as a feature eventually, not sure about the one for arena frames

bigger lines if unit has offensive cds up? or a border or something, maybe not

reflected spell incs?


cooldown text color changing color over time as it gets closer to being back up? instead of the fixed colors at 19/5 seconds

do something with border cooldown tech on certain icons to help show exactly when the effect will end without needing to have timer text?

prevent auras from getting full update temporarily right after they press a stealth ability?

make a function for cd reset for ice block/shifting power/hypo that checks whether it got reduced below the icon adjacent to it and sort if it did

could have a bar over party cc with own dispel cd if it can be dispeled
one problem with limiting the number of cooldowns visible is the greyed out icons that will never get seen on most specs with current setup


EditModeManagerFrame:AreRaidFramesForcedShown()
EditModeManagerFrame:ArePartyFramesForcedShown()
if party isn't set to use raid frames in the default ui events completely break down in shuffle, need to make a check for that and a note when changing it for people --not true anymore? this was part of the tww beta incident

could have text on frames in shuffle showing who swapped sides or text showing rating or win/loss in current lobby

defensive cooldowns hide unless <30 seconds left?

show berserker rage cd somehow on feared warriors to know whether they can break it themselves?

sigil of misery inc?

some kind of timer for ring of frost ticks? could help swap clone at the exact right time for ring of frost to freeze someone if it's already active on top of someone but got immuned, or could help time travel form leaps out of ring? if it works like that

time the difference between server's trinket cd and a normal one based on cleu, could learn something/get a more accurate offset than 0.167, if it varies then could that tell something about server tick rate? idk if that's really a thing or if it's consistent at all. don't think it is

does shifting power reset cs if it's on cd from polymorph getting kicked?

track will of the forsaken differently for group? ideally only if it's relevant so against anything with fear etc

timers for d/ced people counting how long they're offline

keep track of what health a mage altered at? or probably too much


cooldown text color could signify something like green is always hard cc etc?


how do onupdate functions get prioritized? will certain frames always come before others or is it based on setscript time?

